String manipulation exercises. Use builtin functions as needed.

1. Print the level of the password security and if the password is acceptable
    Weak - only alphabets or only numbers or only special chars
    Ok - at least one alphabet, one number and one special char
    strong - at least three alphabets, two numbers and one special char
    Very strong - same as strong, but at least 16 count

    All passwords must be at least 8 chars long. You can use RegEx if you want.

2. Check if the username and password is correct. 
     Username should contain the char @  and '.com' or '.edu' or '.tech' or 'org' at the end.
     passward is the first, third, and last 3 letters of the username followed by the first three letters of the 
     name of the company mentioned in the username, followed by any 3 numbers.
     eg username : myname@sayur.com. password - mnamesay123 

3. Write an app for the fruit vendor. Fruit vendor has a list of fruits (apple, Orange, banana etc).
When the customer comes in, vendor asks "What do you want to buy?" .
The customer can say "I want apple", or "Apple" or "three apple" or something like that.
Your program will find out what fruit the customer is asking. 
Your program will also find, if the customer already asked for the quantity of the fruit (one apple or 5 orange etc).
Print the quantity if the customer says the quantity. If not, ask him how much he wants.
Hint : Use string manipulation and lists. https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_ref_string.asp 
You can limit the quantity to single digit number.

4. Input is an encrypted  string where there will be chars followed by number. The way to decrypt is 
to repeat the chars, by the number of times. Print the decrypted word and its length. If there are any special 
chars, all the chars between the number and special char are ignored.
 eg - ac2bd3 means acacbdbdbd. 
 ac2acc#cd3 acaccdcdcd

5. Write the function mostFrequentLetters(s), that takes a string s, and ignoring case (so "A" and "a" are treated the same), returns a lowercase string containing the letters of s in most frequently used order. (In the event of a tie between two letters, follow alphabetic order.)
Eg - "We Attack at Dawn" is input. Output should be 'atwcdekn'
Do not use dictionaries. Try to use string built in functions.

